README links and text edits (#2)
NVIDIA/tensorrt-inference-server: README.rst

request inferencing for any model being managed by the server. The

> NVIDIA Inference Server provides the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TensorRT Inference Server provides the following features:
```

  models.
* Multi-GPU support. The server can distribute inferencing across all
  system GPUs.
* `Concurrent model execution support <https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/sdk/tensorrt-inference-server-master-branch-guide/docs/model_configuration.html?highlight=batching#instance-groups>`_. Multiple models (or multiple instances of the
  same model) can run simultaneously on the same GPU.
* Batching support. For models that support batching, the server can
  accept requests for a batch of inputs and respond with the
  corresponding batch of outputs. The server also supports `dynamic
  batching <https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/sdk/tensorrt-inference-server-master-branch-guide/docs/model_configuration.html?highlight=batching#dynamic-batching>`_ where individual inference requests are dynamically
  combined together to improve inference throughput. Dynamic batching
  is transparent to the client requesting inference.
* `Model repositories <https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/sdk/tensorrt-inference-server-master-branch-guide/docs/model_repository.html#>`_ may reside on a locally accessible file system (e.g. NFS) or
  in Google Cloud Storage.

> * Readiness and liveness `health endpoints <https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/sdk/tensorrt-inference-server-master-branch-guide/docs/http_grpc_api.html#health>`_ suitable for any orchestration microservice such as Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Readiness and liveness `health endpoints <https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/sdk/tensorrt-inference-server-master-branch-guide/docs/http_grpc_api.html#health>`_ suitable for any orchestration or deployment framework, such as Kubernetes.
```
